mm-hmm so I'm I'm gonna use like an
analogy with food okay okay so I was
eating eggs and toast this morning
and I was sitting next to my
two-year-old and she wanted to buy to my
eggs and I said sure honey take a bite
of my eggs and then I asked her can I
have a bite of your eggs and she said no
because you're my eggs daddy and I was
like how is that fair is that I mean I
realize that it's like really apples and
oranges and night and data compared to
what you're talking about but is that
the general sentiment that you're
letting these people in and they're not
letting and they're pushing you out
okay let's do this all right hey so am i
calling you milena is that right yeah
that's my name
that's my real name and twitch name and
everything okay Oh anyone twitch mm-hmm
okay cool
so how are you handling Kovan um right
now I'm in Sweden and I'm stuck here
okay I'm separated from my fiancee okay
who's best aney okay about that yeah
yeah exactly
so that kind of sucks but it's it's okay
what about you yeah so I am NOT
quarantined from my partner we are
together so I'm actually with my family
we move from Boston to Texas actually
for the duration of kovat because we
have a relatively small place in Boston
and I have two young children and so
they need a place to run around so we
came down here for a little while so
it's been yeah it's been interesting you
know we had to ship down some stuff and
most of our stuff is still up there and
things like that but so like I
understand the topic today is like trust
issues can you help me understand what
that means
um so I would say especially since I got
out I'm not sure if it's because I'm
getting like older or if it's because
I've been on the internet or or if it's
because I've been traveling like outside
of Sweden or if it's because I've been
in America a lot I feel like a lot of
people lately it's been like
disappointing me and it feels like I've
met like a lot of people that it's like
it's always like turned out really
dramatic or I felt like they've like
become really mean basically and it just
makes me feel like like it's like hard
for me to like trust people okay and I'm
not sure if it's because I've been like
naive in the past or if it's like sure
yeah
yeah it can be hard if like people you
know if you give someone your trust and
then they don't you know treat it well
and they hurt you in some way or it can
be hard to trust me
you kind of get like betrayed you know
when you trust them yeah and it feels
like it's been like happening like
almost like if like I'm like a lot like
oh yeah lately yeah like in like just a
year it's been like a lot of really like
dramatic events and stuff wow that
sounds wrong yeah I don't know it's I'm
very like surprised and it's I remember
a few months ago I felt like like it may
be like sad especially like scared like
meeting new people and stuff no
interesting so you've found yourself
pulling back a little bit because of
what had happened and can you tell me a
little bit about what what happened over
the last year you said like uh several
events what do you mean by that yeah and
if there's anything you're not
comfortable sharing just let me know I'm
just I don't yeah I don't think it's it
would be like good to like talk about
like very varies like specific things
okay because there's like people that
maybe don't want that information to
like come out like Foley but there's it
has been out like the information it's
like out there for sure but I used I
used to feel like I think something that
was like really good about me was that I
used to like see a lot of positivity me
like positivity and stuff in people and
now I feel like I don't do that as much
anymore and it's kind of I don't know
how to say like the old turnings Nazi
positivity and people anymore
it's um hmm
I I just feel a bit scared it's almost
like it almost feels a bit trippy I
don't know it's like it's just like so
much it's just like intense I don't know
hmm what's intense about it like it
feels almost like a bit unreal so it
does it feel unreal because it's very
different from the way that you've seen
people before so you're kind of like
looking at like the world seems like a
different place to you or is it is that
what you mean I'm I'm a little bit I'm
trying to attain it what's unreal about
that um I'm not sure if maybe it was
like that before it but I use couldn't
really realize it but I see so the issue
was like and this kind of goes back to
earlier you were kind of saying like you
were wondering now whether you were
naive before or I mean do you believe
you were naive before what you are now
like that's what I've been told by
people so I don't know people tell me
like it's just like how the world is
sort of but he just like kind of sucks
because I really feel like I mean well
it's a lot of people and I would I would
say that I'm pretty like genuine and
like very generous yeah so it's tough
especially like we're the kind of
relationship that me and my fiancée us
and everything - what kind of
relationship do you hear in your field
what is that you have an open
relationship and help I mean so I have a
I have an idea of what that means what
what do you mean can you help me
understand what that means like like
we're able to like see people both
romantically and sexually like outside
of themselves it's basically yeah okay
and and your relationship with DES you
say he's your fiance and so you guys
have a romantic relationship yeah can
you help me understand a little bit
about is that something that you're
interested in talking about today or do
you want to talk kind of more about
trust and other people I think
everything just like goes like okay so
tell me a little can you just tell me a
little bit about your relationship with
destiny
like how you guys met and we met so I
was a friend of him okay like what is it
two years ago and you guys are watching
it on YouTube so I didn't know what
twitch was and then I yeah I I found out
that he had Instagram so it takes him
there and then we start chatting and
then he I was at UCL at the time
traveling around like in a van
he was like living life being very happy
probably like yeah like one of the most
like happiest times I've ever had
yeah and then Charlie look at that time
um so so like five years ago
I went to New Zealand with my mom and my
two sisters and we went there because
I'm a huge slaughtered ring-spun so yeah
we went there and when I got there I
felt like I felt like that's like where
I'm supposed to be so I saved up a lot
of money for about three four years
still when I was in high school and then
after high school I worked a lot to like
get over there and my whole plan was
basically it's like go there and like
started life here because I wasn't
really want to do there in New Zealand
and how old are you now I'm 21 I'm 22 in
the summer 21 and 22 okay oh yeah I'm
trying to this summer
okay and and so you had this idea to
move to New Zealand when you were like
18 um
no like 16 16 okay yes so then you saved
up money for three or four years and
then then what happened they I went
there we bought a car or like a van and
we lived in that one basically and just
like travelled around I really like
travelling I'm really into traveling me
and my partner at the time thanks okay
so you guys traveled around New Zealand
and that was one of the happiest times
of your life what was happy about it
cool yeah I'm I'm very I'm very much of
a person that really really like
traveling and I really like I don't know
the people are very nice very like open
and like genuine and like happy and
adventurous and everyone just likes to
like do fun things and create fun
memories and I would say that I'm like
that kind of person as well I've never
really felt like I belong in Sweden
where I come from hmm
I don't I've never really felt like it
fit in what
what about feeding the Sweden hasn't fit
with you um I think it's it's just like
I ever never really felt like I'm not
sure if it's because of like if my I
don't know I would say that I sort of
grew up with the idea of that Sweden
wasn't really the place for me to be and
I'm not sure if it has to do with has
that been the feeling that you've had
you just kind of always known that yeah
yeah cool that was a kid like very young
yeah so I was just like planning to let
go there and everything and that was
super fun and then Stephen came down and
that was really really good and then
yeah who's Steve destiny see you were
you're travelling in New Zealand mm-hmm
and and destiny came to visit you
yeah oh wow this is that the first time
you all had met yeah okay you're making
that sound so matter-of-fact but I think
it's quite remarkable is that it's
Connect Gracie it's kind of like I'm
like yeah that you yeah that I found him
Megan started like what she's like
content and stuff and then I got in
contact with him and then yeah he flew
all the way down there and that was
really good and we got along really well
and then we continued talking and then I
used like flew over to him and then we
like been travelling around together and
like doing stuff okay and so you said
you were traveling in New Zealand with
your partner at the time right so when
destiny came to visit you you guys were
friends or was there a kind of a
romantic element to the relationship so
this person that I was together with
back then he
and I reword together for about four
years and we had a polyamorous
relationship which meant that we could
like date multiple people at the same
time okay now we decided that hmm I
sorry what's the difference between the
polyamorous and open or is there one I
would guess that polyamorous means more
that you can like have feelings for
multiple people at the same time and
stuffing you like date them okay well
you think it's like dating I guess like
I think the labels are like bad I just
think she's like I'm very like okay sure
and and what so but I'm just trying to
understand when you use the word open
relationship and use the word
polyamorous or those the same thing or
those different I would say that we
maybe used open now because we're not
like living with like a third person or
like dating another person at the moment
okay so it's just like we're dating each
other we're not dating anyone else
they're like whenever we go to see
people we can like have feelings and
stuff for them as well or like have some
sort of romantic relationship with them
but we're not like like living with them
because I think both of us would see
living with someone it's like more of a
dating thing for us so okay so so like
like like a polyamorous relationship
people sometimes like live together with
like multiple partners yeah I think we
can do that if you want sure I think
it's just it's very non-monogamous
that's maybe that's like a better word
for a non-monogamous really so an open
relationship is a little bit more like
primarily monogamous but open is that
yeah I guess I would say maybe like a
non-monogamous is the right word to use
I don't know it's just words okay like
wait where yeah we can see multiple
people at the same like yeah okay same
time and so okay so you you started so
but you guys were when Dustin he came to
visit you guys were friends or was there
like a romantic element to that no I
didn't see anything romantic it was a
funny thing maybe like we texted and
stuff and it was fun and yeah I do
understand why he was coming to visit
you
like why he did that yeah he probably
thought it was like a fun idea and I
think he needed a break like from
streaming and like from yeah like
everything in his life at the moment and
he lives somewhere in North America
right he lives in California
okay okay so you thought that he was
coming to see you because he kind of
needed a break to recharge and and yeah
and that's not of a sick fun yeah
certainly it's a very nice place it's
like it's like a great looking like
vacation home was he on there for about
two weeks okay so it sounds like you
guys had a lot of a lot of fun sounds
great yeah yeah it was fun we did like
adventure stuff and like some beautiful
things like mountains like just like
really really fun I'm very adventurous
I like planning like adventurous stuff
cool though that's what we did you
strike me as somewhat of a free spirit
yeah I'm like I'm very um I like to
travel I'm like very I have a lot of
love to give mm-hm and iced tea or
whatever yeah and yeah that's I feel
like I figure out like what the meaning
of like my life is sort of it's just
that yeah I don't know it just gets me
sad when I see people like being like I
don't know
you know like about the trust thing
whatever yes all right
Malita I mean I'm honestly a little bit
confused cuz I really don't understand
what you mean by that because I don't
you know you're saying that and we don't
have to talk about it cuz you mentioned
that you kind of don't want to mention
it but I'm confused by what you mean by
that
okay right so like let me just tell you
what I heard so I'm envisioning you know
Molina traveling around New Zealand
being very adventurous free spirit never
really tied to Sweden and and that's
kind of who you are and I'm I see that
person and I understand where she's
coming from and I feel like I know her a
little bit and then something changes
and I can see how like that person could
change a little bit if if she gave her
trust too easily or too freely or maybe
people took advantage or something like
that I'm not so sure that I quite see
that way because I think you're a giver
like I think wait what are you talking
about I'm talking about you I think
you're a giver
yeah yeah I would say so yeah and I
think that would even like probably call
me a fixer I like I like I like like you
like make people happy around me yeah so
you know it's interesting fixer has such
a negative connotation to it right yeah
maybe yeah
but Adam I'm not sure if it's like a
good thing and I think you probably you
probably can't fix anyone I don't know
about thoughts on the past but now I
feel like I maybe I can't can I tell you
something completely random and
unrelated to what we're talking about
any interest in religion or spirituality
psychedelics okay so I just like to
share with you like a concept from the
Hindu tradition that I think actually
kind of describes you pretty well I'm
not saying that it's not really real
it's just a way of conceptualizing
people so when I look at you what I see
is something called Shakti Shakti is the
Sun script word for energy in the
interesting thing in the Sanskrit
language is that energy is a feminine
word so the idea of energy actually has
like a feminine connotation to it and
it's sort of like kind of a I mean this
is gonna sound yeah it's kind of weird
so like energy is just sort of a
feminine word and and this could be my
you know very much a bias of the culture
that I was raised in or studying some of
these things but I feel like I've met
some women who were just givers and
seemed to almost give out their energy
to other people and I've also noticed
that so the other thing about Shakti is
it sort of like a maternal kind of
energy or it can be and this may have
something to do with you know primitive
cultures and when they think about
creating life like that is like a very
energy intensive process and it's like
the woman who creates life so spend a
lot of academic study around like you
know 5,000 years ago when people were
living in India they sort of felt like
energy is of feminine quality which is a
little bit different in Western culture
and so sometimes I meet people who I
think have
shucks D so shucks D also is the word
it's the word for energy it's also the
word for goddess and so that that like
there are some kind of maternal or
maternal figures that sort of give
energy out to other people and you
strike me as one of those people who
sort of gives of themselves to other
people and then like and and kind of
there's this idea that like all energy
in the universe comes from the goddess
it's not actually doesn't come from God
it comes from the feminine version of
God and just listening to you and
talking to you and even looking at you I
sort of that where Chuck T comes to mind
because you seem to me to be a very
energetic and giving person and other
people I would guess so people who I've
met who seem to have a Shakti like yours
I'd say that you're almost like a light
that people are attracted to and it's
like they're drawn to you because you
give so freely and then people who are
kind of hungry come and want a piece of
your energy and you give it so freely
freely to them and they live in a world
where energy is not freely given and so
it can be very very intoxicating for
them to like be in your presence because
you so you are open in a world where
most people have trust issues does that
make sense at all
yeah does that fit at all with kind of
your experience about people kind of
coming to you to take your radiance for
lack of a better term yeah yeah I would
say so can you tell me in what way it
fits with you like what resonates about
that
I feel like like in situations for
example when if I've had like a really
close relationship with someone and it's
like really good and really fun and they
feel like they get like help from me and
stuff and I like like doing that with
them and I like to like make them happy
and stuff it's really like it happens a
lot that something happens that makes
them do something really mean or like
hurtful towards me and then a time goes
by and they come back later and it feels
really weird yeah I don't know it feels
really strange that's that's a very
that's a great description so I think
that's kind of what I envisioned that
almost like a mother right a mother is
someone that you have a conflict with
but then like you always kind of go back
does that sort of make sense like it's
almost like that kind of psychological
yeah maybe and it just yes if it feels
like I'm getting used somehow so it
sounds like the relationship is lopsided
so one of the hard things unfortunately
for people who have this Shakthi is that
their relationships often become
one-sided and oddly enough I don't
necessarily think that's a bad thing
once you understand it like once you
understand that you have something to
give anyway well we'll maybe get there
maybe but can you give me an example
because I'm just still having trouble
sort of envisioning like can you give me
an example of this happening um I think
it's like the people that I get
interested in like romantically not like
at the time now but like you have it's
happened in the past and stuff then
there's also like friends this is
something that people just like
generally know but like because of all
the drama that's happened like between
me and Stephen and like other people
that gets involved with like us
romantically or like sexually whatever
there's been a lot of people getting
really jealous probably and turn out
like being really mean or trying to like
sabotage and stuff and that feels really
shitty because I feel very generous and
I've never done anything to them
like that's bad or can you give me an
example of sabotage what does that mean
like trying to make me feel bad how do
they try to make you feel bad they try
to make me feel jealous Horace I think I
think what gosh no I feel like wait
just like being really mean and stuff
for like tried to make me feel bad that
they had some sort of romantic or sexual
relationship with my partner basically
by saying mean things are tried to like
tell me that they're sort of like the
one instead of me or something like that
basically so when someone says they're
the one instead of you or like they're
not saying it but they meet like they
mean it by their actions and stuff
encounter and I'm gonna so let me let me
tell you can I explain why I'm asking
you such specific questions so you're
saying that people you're talking about
your experience of people's actions
right you're saying they try to make me
feel bad they try to make me feel
jealous whereas in my experience often
times people don't try to make someone
feel a certain way usually when people
make other people feel bad that's like a
conic it's not the intended consequence
it's like almost like collateral damage
so for example let's say that I had a
relationship with destiny and I felt
like I was in love with him I may make
you feel like I'm the one or I may make
you feel like I think I'm the one but
that's not because I'm trying to make
you feel a certain way it's because I
want destiny all to myself does that
make sense and so I could understand how
you would feel that way but I don't
necessarily know that they're intending
to make you feel that way like I've had
girls basically like shutting like the
door in front of me with like that
person and him in the room like like
clinging on him and stuff and like
looking me in the eyes and like shutting
the door in front of me and tada make me
feel how does that make you feel like
I just don't understand like why
whatever he done like I think so okay so
why I really like this her relationship
and I know there's a lot of people like
naming and stuff on the internet that
I'm the one getting all of this like
like yeah the extra but the free
relationship whatever like I know the
one who's getting to see people and
stuff a lot of people think that but
like wait what have you been going with
this so you were telling me that someone
shut the door in your face and I'm like
someone you there's a physical room
where Destiny's in it and there's
another person and they shut the door in
your face oh yeah so I mean I think the
most like the the best thing about this
kind of relationship for me is that I
make it possible for my partner that I
love to like experience multiple things
in life and not just me you understand
for the rest of her or his life or
whatever right and and I also feel like
I really do love him so much and it
makes me happy thinking that he can like
give that happiness to other people as
well
so when people start like being really
mean and stuff and like this star job
and stuff and they they absolutely don't
have to it makes me really sad why don't
they have to start drama because I think
they like probably hopefully get but
they like can or one like I hope they
know that what they can get out of it
you know yeah but what if they what they
want is exclusivity then I guess it's I
don't know I don't think it's like it
doesn't have to like me and me right now
we're like yeah I completely agree with
you so I'm just so I'm gonna put myself
in the shoes of the person who closes
the door in your face for a moment right
so I'm imagining if I want exclusivity
with destiny then it's on me to try to
get it and part of that involves closing
the door in your face right and what are
you feeling right now you look like
you're getting a little bit
I'm sorry today no it's okay I'm curious
what you're feeling
it's I think it's just really unfair
what's unfair about it it does seem
unfair to me too it sounds to me like
you're being open but the other people
that you invite into your relationship
or not being as open as you are is that
what feels unfair about it yeah because
I don't know like I don't really know
like I guess like that is makes me feel
like I'm losing hope and people around
me I don't know because I just want
everyone to like be happier I mean it's
just like everything it's really
complicated I don't know or I don't know
all right when they don't when they do
that it's just really unfair
what's unfair about it because I feel
like I'm just like giving them a lot of
like happiness it's also the other way
around they could be they could be like
people getting jealous of him as well
like because they want to be with me and
I'm like I can't like even though like I
give them almost like oh I can't I don't
know it just feels like I don't know I
don't get it
yeah let me see Mike I understand you
yeah I know it's really it's really like
complicated it's like a lot but what
what's complicated about it it seems
like it's hard for you to understand
they were like not understand but like
it's hard to like explain maybe yeah so
let me see if I understand so I'm gonna
use like an analogy with food okay okay
so I was eating eggs and toast this
morning
and I was sitting next to my two year
old and she wanted to buy two my eggs
and I said sure honey take a bite of my
eggs and then I asked her can I have a
bite of your eggs and she said no these
are my eggs daddy and I was like how is
that fair
is that I mean I realize that it's like
really apples and oranges and night and
data compared to what you're talking
about but is that the general sentiment
that you're letting these people in and
they're not letting and they're pushing
you out like you're letting this person
into presumably your home I don't know
exactly if it's your home or you know
cuz you say that Dustin's your fiancee
but and so I'm I'm a little bit you know
I'm confused about the logistics of like
who's living where and you know where
are you and is that your home
like I live in Sweden so I'm only like
visiting him Thank You Missy
so there's like there's someone who
shuts the door in your face and in a
sense I mean I guess I have a certain
possessiveness when you use the word
fiance like I feel like you have dibs
you have the first right to destiny if
you want someone else and maybe that's
wrong maybe that that's not a friend
it's not really boyfriend that seems
kind of but partner I guess I don't know
I don't know it's just words to me yeah
but I mean I'm wondering like who's got
dibs right like does it do you get like
so you're the one who is that like if
you're if you're in a relationship with
someone who's your fiance like you sort
of you know let other people into your
relationship right but it's still you
letting the men they don't have a right
to come in it's like you you're choosing
to open the door and they're you're
letting them walk in if they want to but
it's still your door to open or close I
guess like the only boundary basically
that I haven't they were like the
boundary that we have is that if there's
someone that we were interested in there
were like doing some romantic or sexual
thing with if they don't respect our
relationship or or it tries to like
sabotage it or whatever or doesn't like
hates the other one like that's like the
boundary basically and it feels like
everything is going well until there's
like some point it doesn't and it's and
then I feel like I was like I don't know
she's really I think it's really sad
what's sad about it because I I used to
have like a lot of hope for for people
to just I don't know I think it's like a
beautiful thing that there's not really
like any I don't see love in some sort
of
when it comes to relationships basically
I think that's really for me that's
strange
and so if love isn't control what's
hurtful about someone closing the door
in your face what makes it hard for you
to just appreciate that there you know
that that person and destiny are about
to share something beautiful why is that
hurtful to you it's not like that it's
used more I don't think I don't think he
thinks that because like that person is
not really respecting us by being mean
to one another like to any of us
basically so like that person is not
respecting you guys I wouldn't say so if
one of it like if that person starts to
like get really mean and stuff for it
but is closing the door in your faces
that mean I would say so okay like try
to make me feel bad try to make you feel
bad yeah why do you think they're trying
to make you feel bad because they
probably wants him for themselves but
how but see in my mind those are two
different things
we know so so maybe this is it so I'd
like to clarify this in my mind like
let's say there's a pancake and just
because I want to eat the pancake
doesn't mean I want to take the pancake
away from someone else does that make
sense so you so in my mind you're kind
of just because somebody wants destiny
doesn't mean that they want to hurt you
like they get mean in other ways as well
like one of them made fun of me for
being Swedish because they wanted me to
feel like [ __ ] like why do you think
they won't hurt you because they they
probably wants to be in my position and
what is your position like the person
that lives for them and sees them every
single day so you get to like spend my
life with them in that way
okay
and that makes sense to me so it sounds
like they're jealous yeah and so let me
just take a step back so it sounds like
I feel like I'm getting it now so thank
you so much for explaining let me see if
I get it okay so you have this kind of
you know view that relationship so you
love destiny in destiny loves you okay
and that you guys have this open
relationship and you think it's a
beautiful thing to be able to love and
to be loved and you think that it's you
know beautiful to share that love and
for other people to experience destinies
love because you've experienced it as
well and it's a wonderful thing and you
want to share that so you're kind of
you're inviting everyone to the table
and let's all meet together right yeah
yeah absolutely
and and so everyone kind of brings it's
like a potluck so everyone brings
something and then we all share what we
all have to bring
yeah and so you also have this idea that
like other people can come to the table
and share in the way that you do yeah it
works it works sometimes but it feels
like most of the times things has gone
like really bad and like really horrible
really bad and really horrible I would
say so or like it's been like it's been
I would say it's horrible because I feel
I feel like I feel like tired or I feel
like that and it feels like it's like
really like affecting me pretty hard
what feels bad like the the way I start
to view people around me starts to come
really negative and every time there's
like a new person coming in I get really
scared instead of like being happy as I
used to be yeah and what not what do you
think about that why do you think you're
starting did you think it's really
because I feel like I've gotten like
disappointed
so much so many times so I start to like
feel really scared and that's like more
things happening and yeah and do you
already
and are you afraid that at some point
you're gonna have to change the way that
you view people yeah but I think it's
the worst waiter you may be well it's
not fun it's not it's not like I don't
know there seems like everyone has so
many issues and it's like everything is
just chaos like everyone is putting is
like their issues and everyone else
around them instead of least I don't
know I think it's really sad I think
it's sad too
I think it's sad that the world isn't a
perfect place and that people aren't
perfect is there a part of you that
doesn't want to be in a polyamorous or
open relationship not if I'm gonna get
hurt by people like this so you know
that but that's it like it's not like I
don't I don't think about it but I start
to like it scared that I'm going to like
a bad path what's a bad path it just
starts to affect me like mentally really
bad I guess but more like experiences
that's like really horrible yeah so if
would you be willing to be in a non
polyamorous relationship you would feel
really strange to me like try to control
my partner [ __ ] it comes for my partner
from feeling things for other people
ah interesting so you think that a non
polyamorous relationship involves
controlling your partner's feelings yeah
for me it does huh that's not my
impression of most monogamous
relationships I don't know it seems like
there's a lot of jealous hint stuff and
why is there John I'm confused why's it
have you been in a monogamous
relationship before
however so what's your understanding of
what a monogamous relationship is
basically want to be with one person
romantically and sexually you want to be
with one person what do you mean by the
word want like that's that's what you
like the way you choose time yeah so I I
like the word choose said two-year-old
is outside my window now he's confused
so I think I'm a little bit curious you
know that you're do you feel like you
would be a less good person if you chose
to be a monogamous relationship like
your take I haven't thought about it so
can I share with you what my
understanding of a monogamous
relationship is so I don't think it's
about controlling anyone's feelings in
fact I don't think it's about
controlling at all I think a good
monogamous relationship has nothing to
do with control a good monogamous
relationship has everything to do this
choice so it's when two people choose to
engage in a romantic and sexual
relationship only with each other and I
don't think that there's any controlling
to feelings like I don't think that so I
don't think it's reasonable to expect
people to control their own feelings let
alone have your partner control your
feelings that sounds like a toxic
relationship to me when one partner
tries to control the the way that the
other partner feels that sounds toxic to
me I'd say that that people have
feelings towards other human beings
that's completely normal I can be
romantically or sexually interested with
people that are not my wife she can be
romantically or sexually interested in
people that are not me that's completely
reasonable human beings have feelings we
don't really control our feelings what
we control are our actions and so I
think
a monogamous relationship is a choice
that your actions that you're going to
restrain certain certain feelings and
not choose to act on them for the sake
of supporting a particular relationship
what do you think about that make you
say that one more time
the last thing yeah so like it's not
about controlling your feelings it's
about controlling your actions for the
sake of your relationship right so I
choose to not act upon the impulses that
I have towards other women because I
value my relationship more than a
relationship with another woman okay
what do you think about that I guess it
makes sense what makes sense about it
that it's about like your actions for
the other like I don't know I don't know
what to say
sure did I because I don't think minami
monogamy is about control like that
that's my main point I think it's about
choice right it's sort of like I mean I
can choose to live in a van and drive
around in New Zealand and that's I'm not
saying that that's good or bad I'm
saying that or I can choose to have a
house and live there every day and sleep
in the same place every day I'm not
placing a value judgment I'm just saying
that they're different you think a lot
of people should like use it as some
sort of control absolutely I I think
that people are [ __ ] and I think
that being in a polyamorous relationship
does not protect you from [ __ ] and I
think that being a monogamous
relationship does not protect you from
[ __ ] although arguably yeah although
arguably being in a polyamorous
relationship protects you less from
[ __ ] because there are more people
coming in and out of the door of your
relationship does that make sense
I just think statistically like you know
if yeah with me I mean I'm not trying to
advocate that you should be in a
monogamous relationship or are you
getting that
No okay it's just your perception of a
monogamous relationship is different
from the way that I see it and so what
are you thinking let me just think for a
second
so no part of you wants to be in a
monogamous relationship of course I
could I could like I could probably be
happy with one person but I don't really
I don't feel like it's necessary for me
to like like try to like tell my partner
that that partner and I can't see anyone
else than me yes so that actually sounds
a lot like monogamy oddly enough so when
you tell me why so because I think that
in my wife I don't think at least I mean
I don't think I've ever you know my I'd
like to think that my wife doesn't see
other people because I tell her not to
she doesn't see other people because she
chooses not to all right I mean I should
speak for myself so my wife hasn't told
me that you know you're I'm not allowed
to see other women it's just we sort of
made a mutual choice that we're not
gonna do that so I don't get the sense
that I'm controlled by her at least not
in this aspect when it comes to how much
I play games and things like that she
definitely is very controlling you know
like so that's the thing is I mean you
keep on using the word control when when
you talk about a monogamous relationship
and certainly there are people who are
controlling but I just don't know that
that's restricted to monogamy so help me
understand what do you mean by fiancee
are you guys engaged to be married can
you help me understand a little bit
about how y'all decided to do that so we
can continue dating each other what does
marriage have to do with that because
I'm the Swedish citizen I see so just
from a logistical perspective it's hard
for you to visit him so often unless so
it's kind of like if if laws
did not prevent you if you lived in the
US and you had a green card or something
like that would you guys be getting
married I don't know
that's that's another dimension okay but
like yeah so I'm just hearing that that
so it seems like it's primarily a legal
thing it's not like you guys know we
love it should want to get married okay
so you guys so you value the instant
like that marriage means something to
you yeah of course okay I agree we go
through a lot to like be able to like be
together oh yeah yeah yeah what does it
mean to you to go through so much yeah
like with the person yeah that we become
really strong I would say what are you
feeling now
and some sort of a happy accident notes
if there's like we go through a lot of
things together if we become really good
I don't think I've ever got through so
much with so much in the fact that you
guys have stayed together through it all
seems to be really important yeah
because it sounds like last year the
last year of your life has been really
tough yeah but we always come out
together which is really cool it sounds
like you can really count on him yeah
yeah I really really do love him so much
I used to I used to get scared when like
more like bad stuff happens because I
just want us to be together so bad mix
what are you afraid of I'm scared that
I'm not gonna be able to uh should I go
through it go through a while and just
thank you more like difficult scenarios
that could basically be other people or
just [ __ ] pandemic or like his
paperwork like all of this stuff but you
so you know there's like a lot of like
scary stuff then yeah baby you're not
gonna be strong enough yeah where do you
get that idea because I'm not sure how
much I can push myself right all right
why are you pushing diesel because
because because that because it's really
important for me and for him to to do
that help me understand what so when you
say the phrase push yourself I think
about like when I push myself there's a
part of me that wants to do something
and there's a part of me that doesn't
want to do something and so the part of
me that wants to do it pushes the part
that doesn't want to do it that's what
pushing yourself is right what is the
part of you what do you
want to push yourself to do what do you
mean practically does that look like in
your relationship or in your life if
it's like it's just like a really hard
one to climb I guess what's the mountain
aankhen having trouble understanding
when you're combining a lot of feelings
and imagery so I get the sense that it's
a tall you know there's a long road
ahead of you right and it seems really
awesome that it's actually been a long
road behind you too and you guys have
been through it together and y'all are
still here y'all are still together and
there's still a long way to go that I
understand but I'm not quite sure what
the mountain looks like it could be a
just think about it like being me like
leaving New Zealand or like going to
America away from like a lot of friends
mmm
Sweden or being away from my friends in
New Zealand or having a lot of audience
on the internet or having not being able
to work because I can't work in America
by giving up a lot of things you know
Wow crazy people and like go through
like a lot and then now have long
distance that I don't know when it's
kind like this like a lot of things yeah
oh my god
very intense yeah it sounds overwhelming
actually I mean issues of yeah I mean it
sounds like being stuck in Sweden is
really rough on you
yeah I don't want to be here you never
wanted to be there no can I just think
for a second
it's so scary yeah I mean cuz you don't
know what's gonna happen right you don't
know what you're gonna like you're
thinking about what you're gonna give up
and what you're giving it up for and you
don't know when it's gonna happen or
what's gonna happen or I mean I can just
imagine that like if you're giving up
your friends in New Zealand and Sweden
to move to America and you're streaming
on Twitch and or there are other
streamers that have been part of the
drama between like involving you and
destiny or it's like non streamer people
there's three men on streaming people
yeah so just kind of like you know what
I'm hearing from you is that you're
engaged in this world right this world
of destiny and and open relationships
and and streaming and some of that stuff
has been awesome and is amazing and is
like really really a solid foundation
for you to build on and some of it
sounds like it's been kind of like
really toxic and hurtful and what I'm
the thing that just hearing everything
that you said the thing that kind of
worries me the most is you're you're
sort of diving into all of that really
quick really fast yeah yeah you're
really going yeah I'm only 21 I think
it's like a lot of it's a lot you know
what do you think about when are you
guys gonna get married do you know if
Kovac wasn't happening y'all talked
about him I was supposed like why I'm in
Sweden it's basically because I had to
do an interview but I can't do because
the American Embassy is closed I see and
and what do you think about getting
engaged at the age of 21 doesn't it
doesn't like to me it doesn't really
mean like I'm like becoming something
different like it doesn't really do that
for me like what it means is probably
but I'm going through a lot for a person
that I really love and that I really
care about and then I want to be bit and
how long do you guys think you're gonna
be together well here for the rest of my
life sure
yeah I hope so too it sounds like it's a
strong relationship that you've talked
to him - yeah I'm a huge fan of
destinies he's it yeah you know yeah I
think it's a right to be honest milena
I'm a little bit impressed he's in love
with you right that's not easy to do
for him yeah yeah that was that was also
struggled for a long time but yeah I
think yes I think we like came to a
point where it's like okay
I think that y'all's relationship is
really special yeah that's why I'm like
I can't like I'm not gonna give that up
[ __ ] no yeah that's worth fighting for
mm-hmm just something in particular I
can help you with I think you may be
like I felt I feel like I don't really
understand myself that well like why I'm
the way I am because I feel like like
with all of this experience
it feels like it's very hard for me to
like find people that that has gone
through something similar or that it's
like really similar like minded to me so
I feel a little bit lonely with it yeah
and I feel like I'm not like it yeah you
feel alone mm-hmm a bit like with with
that like
with my life I don't know it's just
people are like if I talk to people that
I used to know like five years ago it's
like we don't have anything to talk
about and if I really like have a lot of
things that I feel like I want to vent
about it's like they don't know like
what to say or like they don't really
know like they they don't know like they
can't understand what do you feel like
venting about today probably that I'm
scared you're scared of what what are
you afraid of
maybe like going in the wrong direction
what direction what is it what what does
that look like tell me what the direct
it's like the way the way life is now
compared to what it was about like two
years ago is very different and there's
like a lot of really cool things but
it's very very very intense what do you
know what's intense about it but there's
it feels like there's no like time to
like process because just like new
things all the time happening that gets
me and I feel like every time something
new happens I feel like I get like wait
like I feel like I get shattered because
of it because I feel like oh not another
like another thing happening can you
give me an example of a new thing that
happened recently that made you Saturn
the whole Kittery no drama for example
make me really sad what is that I don't
know what it's kind of a person you know
just streaming okay what happened what
can I say she basically was lying to a
bunch of people about what and really
[ __ ] hard to court and I'm sorry like
her she lied to a lot of people and
stuff about then about what like
romantically sort of she cheated on
people basically that's what she did she
cheated on people mm-hm
what does that have to do with you know
it just it just makes me sad to like see
that a person that I am close with can
do something like that I see yeah
because I never thought that like I
didn't know any like about anything and
then we just like came out and it's also
really sad that someone might get so
much hate from the dead as well and
stuff and it's just like really hard
Katerina I don't know what I hate yeah
how do you feel about that I don't think
anyone deserves that much hate no matter
what they do from so many people I don't
think the judgement of the Internet yeah
it's just but it's just like insane it's
just crazy and there's
we said that so many people can be so
mean about things they're not like
involved with at all and then that
someone that I care about and really
like I love Kate I do like seeing her
like doing something like that makes
them really sad and then like seeing
people that got hurt by it
feeling sad it makes me sad too I don't
know I just it has nothing to do with me
but I just feel sad about like watching
things like happening yeah it seems to
me like you're also someone so this
happens with people who have Shakti by
the way is that they take on the heart
of other people so it's almost like so
the people that I work with who have
powerful Shakti's I kind of think of
them like a sponge they so they can be a
wonderful influence for a family or a
company or a relationship because they
can absorb a lot of the hurt of other
people and that's part of what draws
people to you is that you know by by
having you be a part of their
conversations and things like that they
actually feel better because it's almost
like there's a transfer of their
painting to you does that sort of make
sense
they say one more time yeah so like it's
almost like they're transferring their
pain to you so I kind of think about you
like a sponge that's absorbing something
so if I have like water that's spilled
on the table and I take a sponge and I
wipe it across the table there's no more
water on the table but the water is in
the sponge and you are that sponge and
where there used to be like water on the
table like now that's filled you're
holding that and so a lot of people who
are who have shucked be like you do I
see this pattern where I have to teach
them how to squeeze out the water from
their sponge because they take it in so
easily from other people and it's kind
of like you know you we were talking
about this earlier about you giving you
give and you also absorb negativity from
others and you're very sensitive to
negativity you're probably also very
empathic that's another way that people
put it and I'm wondering if the reason
that you're scared so so I'm sorry you
were saying that maybe the way to you
maybe the way that I could help you is
by handling the intensity right
you were talking about intensity and all
this twitch streaming stuff it's a lot
of drama on twitch yeah and it sucks I
feel like I don't really know what the
[ __ ] I'm doing here because it because I
don't I don't really see myself as being
like it's which person like I'm not a
part of that why are you a part of it
then because I the way they are and the
way they do things and the way people
talk and the whole community and all
they're like that we call it like the
vibes from everything is just like very
like not from where I come from I'm
you're you're you're not built for
streaming you're built for being in the
van that's driving across New Zealand
yeah so why are you a part of this
community
um because it sort of lis just happened
because I'm dating a streamer so and and
then I think the the main thing for me
to do it the first place was to sort of
make more people happy with my words or
with to like show them like the
adventures that I do to like make them
happy or maybe like try to make them
feel like they can get out of there like
computer like chair and like go on an
adventure sort of because I do that
because it makes me really happy
so how long have you wanted to make
people happy
I just think that's just my nature it's
just like how I work I guess mm-hmm I
think I've always been like that since I
was very like young can you tell me what
growing up in Sweden was like um and two
sisters two younger ones my mom is very
very she's always been very depressed
very dramatic very emotional and she's
been putting it out on her kids a lot my
dad is very he's a happy person but you
can tell that he he he gets I can tell
that he gets really sad about really
dramatic sad people so he kind of just
like shuts off and like he doesn't
really show a lot of feelings in that
way but like you talk about feelings
shut off by a dramatic
yeah like he doesn't if whenever my mom
wanted to talk to him about something
she was like being very very dramatic he
would just like go up to his bedroom and
go to sleep and she would have sit and
cry or like take it out on us basically
that's like the whole when it comes to
family
how would your dad react to you when you
were happy I don't remember that
did you see you so that you've always
sort of wanted to make people happy can
you tell me a little bit about when you
said your mom was depressed and
emotional and something you said
something towards for kids what do you
mean by that
like I think she sort of did not think
about what to say to her kids she wasn't
she said she would tell I don't know she
would tell me a lot about her like
herself feeling really bad stuff how
would you feel when she told you those
kinds of things that it was my that I
was supposed to take care of her mm-hmm
like make you feel happy you felt a
responsibility to make her happy so like
uh like I became a little bit like your
therapist the kid
six seven since you were what hold on
let me see if I can switch overs since
you were seven cuz you're in Europe
right yeah hmm so it sounds like from a
young age you started to feel like you
were giving that energy to her actually
what about to your dad
he he was just like a lot on his own
sort of we're like a little bit like he
I think the best thing probably like
growing up was probably what my dad even
though he doesn't really he didn't
really talk about a feeling since though
he we ate we used to have a country
house where he grew up so he took us out
there and that was probably the best
thing in my whole childhood because I
just got to be in nature and just being
like alone like taking walks like going
this way like it was like being close to
nature was really important and like
watching movies for them and like him
like taking us like on walks and stuff
was really good even though he didn't
talk about feelings and stuff and my mom
did it really like come with us on that
at all she didn't like it hmm
do you think maybe the reason you
enjoyed it was because your mom wasn't
there wait what do you think maybe the
reason hold on let me see if I can
switch servers again because it's like
we're lagging yeah let's go straight to
Europe let me just check it real quick
all right so do you feel like any chance
that you reason one of the reasons you
liked being traveling with your dad was
because your mom didn't come with you
actually you weren't around her I
remember we wanted her to come all the
time but she didn't she was busy
everything and I remember there was like
um she if I'll actually focused a lot
about I like on like random people all
the time I remember that she had some
sort of friend from another country
coming up where about two weeks and she
took two weeks like vacation from her
job because she wanted to like show him
around in Sweden and I remember I felt
really sad because I felt like she never
took two weeks off to like be with us
and yeah I remember I was really sad
about that it's funny and maybe this is
a little bit too much of like you know
therapist Steve but I I mean it sounds
to me like now I understand why it was
so significant for destiny to fly
halfway across the world to like hang
out with you for two weeks why because
it sounds like it's the exact opposite
of what your mom did right I mean it's
like your your mom would spend go out of
her way to spend time with a random
person from another country but she
wouldn't come with you to like a cabin
in the wilderness and and you know so
she was prioritizing this random person
and like for destiny to fly halfway
across the world and and spend time with
you like he was you like you mattered to
him he wanted to be with you and that
sounds I mean I can sort of see does
that seem real that feel related to you
at all or not really we're lagging hold
on yeah [ __ ]
is it my entire third I'm not sure if
it's an Internet to be honest it could
just be the discord service and maybe
we're like how do what do you what do
you mean by that like that it's like
well I mean I just died so let me try to
share a couple of thoughts I don't know
how well these are gonna land with you
so I apologize I'm happy to sort of have
a follow-up conversation to kind of dig
into some of this stuff but so the first
thing Melina is that you know I think
that let me just think for a second
I think it's interesting that you grew
up in a place where it seems like you
had to have your happy feelings on the
outside and your sad feelings on the
inside that's kind of the picture that I
get and I think it really mattered about
me being said it probably mattered more
about other people being said of me
absolutely right so that because you
also said so it's it's not only your mom
because you kind of said that you were
sort of your mom's therapist from the
age of seven you were you would try to
comfort her you would try to make her
happy but you also said that your dad
shut down anytime someone approached him
with negative emotion and he would
withdraw from it so funny yeah so the
funny thing there is I'm in imagining
7-year old you and you have a pile of
feelings some of which are good and some
of which are bad and so if your mom sort
of takes all the good feelings because
those are the ones that you show her
where do you put the bad feelings and
usually what happens in a relationship
is you show those feelings to the other
parent right so like if if like
two-year-old once again if two-year-old
if I yell at my two-year-old she runs to
her mom for comfort so anytime like one
parent puts pressure on a child usually
that child turns to the other parent to
balance that pressure the tricky thing
about your situation
is that I'm hearing that I can imagine
that you probably when you were very
young tried to share your negative
feelings with your dad but you noticed
that he retreated from them and so you
had to be happy with your mom and you
had to be happy with your dad and and so
that's sort of makes sense because this
whole time we've been talking to you and
it seems like all you really care about
is other people's happiness like when we
ask you like you belong in a van in New
Zealand and camping and in nature in
wilderness and why are you streaming
it's because you want to make other
people happy that's what you said so
you're sacrificing yourself for the sake
of making other people happy
and would you say that you're someone
who does that yeah
and then we get to the polyamorous
relationship and so there's a
polyamorous relationship painful for you
well not working out with other people
yeah yeah so let me ask you again is the
polyamorous relationship painful for you
yes and and if we ask you why you do it
your answer is because you really love
being loved by destiny and you want to
you want other people to experience that
love so I think we have another case of
something actually being quite painful
for you and it sounds like it's been
pretty rough over the last year and
you're willing to do it to make other
people happy to give other people the
opportunity to be loved by destiny what
do you think about that
so I think the tricky thing for you
Melina's I wonder how we you would feel
if you started putting yourself first I
don't know I'm not sure if I've ever
done that yeah what do you think about
that
it tells me that itself it huh something
I don't know what's going on with this
server hold on one second let me see if
I can do this no I can't
I'm also yeah okay let's just let
goddamnit
we're right at the climax okay
all right try again how does it use put
yourself first something inside me tells
me that it's self so now we get to push
yourself because you said earlier that
you were pushing yourself and I think
what you're pushing what you have to
push against is the part of you that
feels like you're being selfish
what do you think this is I saw what
feels unfair to you because other people
are being selfish in your polyamorous
relationship and you are not
and so it's like other people are coming
and it's just like with the eggs like
she takes a bite of my eggs but I don't
get a bite of hers mm-hmm right that
doesn't work so milena I'm gonna share
one anything any thoughts or questions
no I think it's
so can I share with you like a story and
I guess we have maybe somewhat of a
conclusion for you mm-hmm so I think
you're a wonderful person and I think
it's wonderful that you put other people
first but I think unless you get to be
really really good at what you do you're
gonna get you're gonna continue getting
hurt if you continue to be in the
situation and I'm not trying to say you
should or shouldn't do anything it's
just I've worked with a fair number of
people who have been an open or
polyamorous relationships and there's
usually like a lot of hurt I don't know
how else to put it
can you hear me okay yeah okay so my mom
once told me that if you want to be
happy
yep okay let me just think about where
to start with this so in Hinduism there
are two incarnations of with this
particular God named Vishnu one of the
incarnations is this guy named ROM and
ROM was sort of like this idea of like
the ideal human being so he was just and
he was kind and he was Noble and he was
honest and he was giving and ROM story
is that he this is gonna be great
actually that's a great sir so what
happens is he decides that there's a
princess that he wants to marry and then
there's another king that wants to marry
that same princess the princess's name
is see that so they actually have this
kind of competition where the winner of
the competition gets to marry see that
and so rom ends up winning the
competition because see factually
doesn't let this other King this other
guy's name is Robin she doesn't let him
compete so gonna have a contest in the
winner of the contest get Sita's hand in
marriage so Rob wins he ends up marrying
Sita and see that doesn't let this guy
Robin she doesn't let him compete so
Robin gets pissed because he's like
that's unfair I should be able to
compete too and so after Rama and Sita
get married Robin actually kidnaps her
and takes her to his Island where he
tries to get her to fall in love with
him and then Rob essentially raises an
army and fights a war kills Robin and
then brings seatback
with me so far mm-hmm so once he comes
back something funny happened so ROM is
a king at this point in Cephas a queen
and his court really doesn't like Sita
and Rama's like what's wrong what I
don't understand like why don't you guys
like her and they say well she was kind
of like living in Robin's house for a
couple of years like you never really
know what happened maybe she was
unfaithful to you and Rama Rama says
well she says she's not an unfaithful
and and I don't I mean she says she was
faithful and I believed her
so like I don't see why it's a problem
for you guys and despite Rob's best
attempts to convince this court that
she's we should be everything should be
fine now because I fought a battle and I
won and I killed the bad guy and I came
home with the Queen like everything's
good right this is how the story ends
his court is basically like now we just
don't trust her they're haters they're
like the internet and so rom decides
that he's going to put the needs of the
kingdom ahead of his marriage and
decides that it's it's better for a
kingdom to have a queen that they can
love and respect even that's more
important than like whether she was
faithful or not so he ends up divorcing
her what do you think about that
I don't know okay so now let me tell you
about the other incarnation okay so a
thousand years later the same God
supposedly incarnate as another person
named Krishna and Krishna is different
from Rama even though it's sort of
supposed to be the same God in two
different bodies Krishna
you know grows up and has a couple of
wives and up to maybe a thousand
girlfriends so he maybe was it sounds
like he was in a polyamorous
relationship yeah and so part of the
reason that he actually had a thousand
girlfriends or what some people say is
that like there were a fair number of
women who were unsupported and so he
ended up marrying them maybe was a
player unclear actually he was a player
the stories also kind of described as a
player but he like supported a lot of
women and had like lots of wives and he
also does like all kinds of like
relatively shady things
so whereas ROM would never lie like
Krishna would let me try to come up with
a quick story so in ancient India there
was a code of war but am I losing you by
the way I don't know I can't tell okay
so is this code of war where you
basically are not allowed to fight after
the Sun Goes Down so like everyone wakes
up in the morning once Dawn once the Sun
is above the horizon you start fighting
and then you fight all day and when the
sun goes down you stop fighting no sneak
attacks no nighttime attacks nothing
like that so it was like a code that
people adhere to so one day Krishna
realizes that there's going to be an
eclipse and so it's gonna look like the
Sun is gonna go down so he goes to his
his army basically he's an advisor he
doesn't actually fight himself and he
says by the way something funny is gonna
happen today the Sun is gonna go down or
it's gonna look like it gets dark and
then you guys are gonna everyone's gonna
want to stop fighting and I want you
guys to stop fighting for like ten
minutes
and when the other army puts their
weapons away I want you to pull out your
weapons and then basically slaughter
them while they're defenseless and then
his troops are like but wait so you want
us to violate the code of war and he's
like no no no trust me you're not
violating the code of war but just do
what I say and so sure enough the
Eclipse happens the Sun appears to go
down
or it gets dark like the Sun is going
down so everyone stops fighting
everyone's kind of confused because it
happened a couple of hours early but
maybe they lost track of time and
krishna's side waits for everyone to put
their weapons away and then he gives the
order and then his troops basically
slaughter like thousands or tens of
thousands of unarmed people and they win
the day and then krishna says by the way
technically we didn't make a mistake
like technically we did exactly what we
were supposed to do so good job can you
see how rama and krishna are different
like if I sort of made it clear that
they're kind of like different people I
think you have to explain a little bit
so like Rob is a super noble guy like
Rob would never do that
he's a good guy he cares about other
people krishna doesn't give a [ __ ] about
other people
he'll adhere to the code of what he's
technically supposed to do but he puts
himself first
right rom puts other people first and
it's not that krishna puts himself first
at the expense of other people he's not
a bad person
but he doesn't like adhere to a code
he's sort of have you heard this phrase
the ends justifies the means no so
that's a phrase that means like you know
if you have to steal to feed your family
that's okay like the end goal is the
important thing even if you have to do
something bad in the middle like it's
okay to do something it's okay to do bad
things for good reasons does that make
sense so Rob is someone who would say
it's not okay to do bad things for good
reasons and Krishna is someone that it's
okay to do bad things if you're doing it
for the right reasons what do you think
do you think it's okay to do bad things
for good reasons another guy would do it
I completely agree yeah so I think
you're more like ROM than you are like
Krishna yeah so there are two things
that I leave you with my mom once told
me something very very wise when I was
fifteen she says if you want to live a
good life live like ROM and if you want
to live a happy life live like Krishna
so I put the same thing to you milena
that you
I don't really know but sometimes I
pretend to be a wise person when I
scream on Twitch so what I would tell
you is that I think the person that you
are who's incredibly giving and you put
other people ahead of yourself
the world is filled with a lot of people
who will take advantage of you and I'm
it's sad that you had to learn that
lesson but I also think that the world
is filled with lots of good people too
in fact I believe that it's not good
people are bad people that everyone has
a good side and everyone has a bad side
that's what I believe so I believe that
we all have ROM within us and we all
have Krishna within us and I think
you're in for a lot of suffering if you
don't if you continue to sort of
mindlessly put other people first so I
put other people first too but I'm just
really mindful about the way that I do
it like I think you know some people
think I'm a good person I think I'm kind
of like a good person kind of but I also
set limits like I'm not going to
sacrifice some things about my health
and well-being for the sake of helping
other people and I think going forward I
would really encourage you to think a
little bit about whether you can be a
little bit more selfish and what that
would feel like because I think you're
learning I'm right yeah go ahead sorry I
don't know how I can do that yeah I
don't know how you can do it either I'm
not even sure that you should do it
what I think you should do though is I
think you have this reflexive part of
you that probably started when you were
a child where you started putting other
people ahead of you and I think that
that's actually not healthy for people
it's not even healthy for the people
that you do that for and I don't know
maybe I can explain this real quick so
you know if you have a relationship
where one person does all of the work
and one person does all the relaxation
that's not healthy for either person
does that make sense yeah and so I
wonder if like all of these
relationships that you engage in you're
sharing your food and they're not
sharing theirs I don't know if that's
actually good for them it's like it's it
feels like it's every
I don't know if is like it's a lot of
people yeah so I think you've got to
make a decision about whether you want
to continue being taken advantage of
because it sounds like that's what's
happening would you say that that's fair
no no how would you describe it you
don't think you're getting taken
advantage of yeah yeah you think so okay
yeah yeah so I think you've got to think
a lot about whether you want to let
yourself do that and I think if if you
don't want to be taken advantage of I
think part of what that means is being a
little bit more selfish and I don't
think being selfish is a bad thing
that's the whole point of all of this
stuff is I think you've got to think
about it you know when you let someone
into your life because you want them to
be loved by destiny are you willing to
have them shut the door in your face no
okay
isn't that being selfish though aren't
you depriving them of destiny's love I
don't think it's okay to me good I don't
think it is either
and I don't think being selfish is a bad
person especially someone with you
because the last thing that I'll share
with you is this is what I see with
people who have Shakthi is that they get
drained dry by the hungry people that
everyone wants a piece of you and you're
so loving and you're so kind that
they're just gonna suck you dry and you
have to learn you have to learn how to
like when to give and when not to give
and that should be under your control
instead of it being like completely
random and under their control because
otherwise I think you're in for years
and years and years of suffering and
pain what like your situation is could
it be what situations could what like
years of suffering pain like I know like
more what situation could it be where I
have to like think more selfish I mean
personally I would start with the two
things I would think about would be
streaming in your relationship so I'd
think about everything that you do
a transaction you're giving something
and you're getting something because
that's what it is right if you don't if
if streaming opens you up to drama
you're what you're helping a bunch of
people but you're also opening yourself
up to drama so like which one do you
want to do like is it worth it or is it
not worth it that's one example I think
the other thing which I think you guys
are it sounds like y'all are already
exploring is like being a little bit
careful about who you let into your open
relationship yeah and the last thing
this is gonna be the hardest one is if
you feel hurt by something can you ask
people to make a sacrifice so that you
feel less hurt I guess I can ask do you
feel comfortable asking yeah so let's
say that there was someone that you felt
like was toxic for your relationship
would you feel comfortable asking that
destiny to like remove them from your
life or see less of them or anything
like that or would you feel like that's
controlling I don't think he would be
very happy with it
okay so beautiful so notice I asked you
a question and what was your answer he
wouldn't be happy with it which is not
selfish exactly that's that's exactly
what I'm saying that's what you need to
think about right so then you know I
mean if you guys are married in my mind
that means that y'all are special and
there are other people that are less
special than you are in the relationship
that could be a problem on my end right
that you guys love each other yeah so I
in in my mind that sort of means that
like so you the way that you're putting
him first I think he should put you
first right that's the only way it works
it's like you're saying like he wouldn't
be very happy with it and and that's so
the question is like are you okay with
that
is he okay with that are you guys in a
relationship where it's okay for him to
be happy because and because think about
the opposite like if you don't talk to
him about that you're unhappy
right if there's someone toxic in
y'all's relationship you're unhappy and
he's happy he's fine with it
and if you talk to him maybe he becomes
unhappy and then do you become happy or
does it end up somewhere in the middle I
would feel so bad yeah and I think it
would be happy about him not being happy
yeah so I in my mind it's not asking him
to necessarily do something I think the
healthiest thing to do is have a
conversation about it
mm-hmm right and and to me it seems very
clear that you put him ahead of you yeah
I would say so I feel like I give up a
lot of things yeah I think he does that
too sure and that's how a marriage works
yeah right so even an open one so I
think about marriage is giving 60 and
taking 40 you give 60 and he takes 40
and he gives 60 and you take 40 that's
the only way it works so but I mean I
hopefully you caught that right like the
your first thought is not about you it's
about other people
it doesn't make you anything that makes
you a good person for by all means and
I'm not saying that you should become a
selfish [ __ ] I'm not saying that you
should try to control destiny I'm saying
that if something hurts you and you're
in a relationship I would advise you to
talk to your partner or fiancee about
what's painful to you because you're not
remember once again it's not about like
you controlling him and making giving
making him give something up in my mind
it's about you sharing your feelings
with them and then hopefully he'll
choose what you would choose like if he
came to you and he said hey you're in
this relationship with this person it's
very hurtful to me what would you do I
would probably try to talk about it and
like see if there's any if there's
anything we could do or if there's any
misunderstandings or perfect yeah so I
think that's what we're talking about
right but I would be careful because
then I would imagine just based on your
thoughts that you wouldn't even bring it
up for with him because you're afraid
that he wouldn't like it
[Music]
I think I'm better at doing that now
good and I think you better I think yeah
yeah you think what I think if maybe it
was worse before maybe yep I can imagine
I think you're I'm sure you're better
now Molina I think you still have a
little ways to go
mm-hmm why do you think that because I
think it's hard to undo a life an
upbringing and a life of putting other
people first I think it's hard to be
less selfish I mean more software sorry
because you've you've been a giver your
entire life and it can feel very very
bad to not be a giver yeah but I'm I'm
happy for you I'm hopeful for you and
I'm rooting for you
I'm rooting for destiny I'm a big fan of
both you all at this point so I hope you
guys finally working huh why is that why
you're a big fan of you were four ugh
destiny both or anything I'm a big fan
of destiny because I just have a lot of
respect for him like I think he's uh I
think he's one of the very few people
who practices what he preaches so I
think that he doesn't take things at
face value in the conclusions that he
comes to are really like thought-out and
he's very open-minded so I respect him
for that I just personally I like him
like I enjoy watching his stream like I
find him to be entertaining why am i fan
for you because I think that you are a
good person
I'm not so sure he is but I think he
chooses to be good and I think he
chooses to be good yeah which I respect
more than someone who has to be good
which is you so I think you're not
actually in control of your goodness
which i think is actually a problem but
I think that you're a wonderful person
and I think that the world needs more
people like you and the world would be a
better place if there were more people
like you but unfortunately the world
isn't filled with people like you
so I think you're in for a lot of hurt
doesn't mean that you can't live
fulfilling life I think it'll just be
you're gonna have to make a lot of
sacrifices if you continue living the
way that you used to and I think it's
gonna be hard because you know you the
first thought that you have is about
other people yeah and that's that's a
painful way to live it's not my place to
say that you should do this or should
shouldn't do that I mean that's for you
to decide all I really want you to do is
notice when you think about other people
instead of yourself and especially if
there's one person in the world that you
should be able to have and this is my
value so this is my bias there's one
person in the world that you should be
able to have a conversation about your
feelings about even if it negatively
impacts them it's your fiance or husband
yeah right that's the one person that
you should not feel alone from whereas I
feel I can probably feel a lot like you
probably would hold a lot of stuff
because of the way that he you're
concerned about his reactions does that
make sense any other thoughts or
questions I think I think it's good I'm
really happy that I got to talk to you
me too I I'm afraid that I wasn't very
helpful to you but I really I don't know
I don't know if what I said I felt like
I wasn't very clear today no see it's um
sometimes this is a little bit hard for
me to follow I think especially with
like language stuff yeah but it's okay
like I feel loved everything yeah so
yeah thank you and you know if you have
any other questions or you want to
follow up at some point I'd be more than
happy to
and I really moline I wish you all the
best like I know covent sucks
and all that stuff but I really hope
that you know things do work out between
the two of y'all I'm sure they will it
sounds like both of you guys care a lot
about each other I think so yeah yeah
yeah and yeah I'm really happy that you
have someone in your life like that and
I'm really happy for destiny that he has
someone is life like you thank you take
care okay thank you so much bye
alrighty [ __ ] I didn't meditate let me
actually message her real quick secret
do you want to meditate I can teach you
something
[Music]
okay we're about to taining hold on
what about the meditation yeah do you
want it so I teach people meditation
sometimes on stream or you introduce
eight it comes in periods okay they do
that do you would you like to do some
attitude is there some kind of
meditation that you like to do I don't
think it there's like any specific ones
that I do it's just more like I don't
know I think it they're like a little
bit in my own way can I try to teach you
something yeah okay so this is I'm gonna
try to figure this out myself as we're
doing it okay so I apologize for that so
I want the people who are watching it
like it follow along but I'm just gonna
try something if it doesn't work well
I'll teach you some very focused
breathing or something like that so I
want you to close your eyes I'm gonna
ask you to explore some stuff within you
okay great see already the breath
changes so you're already doing it this
is fantastic so I want you to just
notice what are you doing how are you
what's changed when I focus on it yeah
like like do you feel different um yeah
how do you feel what's different we've
been talking for almost like an hour and
a half right so how do you feel
different now like like all of the
things that I usually think about when I
when I think you know you're gone yes
beautiful right so you guys can see it
like especially we can see your your
clavicle like a collarbone the the the
right side of your neck so because of
the shirt that you're wearing you can
actually see the way that you're taking
a breath really very easily so that's
very helpful actually so I'm gonna ask
you to look for the part of you that
wants to make the world a better place
look for that part inside you the part
of you that wants other people to be
happy can you find it
okay yeah what does that feel like I
think that's where I usually feel stuff
most from where it's either like a
pressure or I feel I don't know this is
where I feel anxious or this where I
feel like really like if I feel a lot of
love I feel it from there as well yeah
so then I want you to just think about
this when you feel a lot of love for
people is that just a positive feeling
in your chest or is there also a
negative feeling that comes with it
there's a negative so let's just pause
and think about that for a second
right that's kind of strange because
generally speaking when like what I
think about you know when I'm loving one
of my kids I don't have a negative
feeling that comes with that does that
make sense but I do imagine that when
you feel some amount of love sometimes
you feel something negative with it what
do you just can use can you help us
understand a little bit and this may be
hard can you help us understand like
what the positive feels like and what
the negative feels like but they're
almost like two sides of a coin the
positive is like that I want people to
be happy and I think that's good you
might want that and that makes me happy
yeah but I also feel like I'm not in the
picture yep what does that feel like in
your body what is not being in the
picture feel like in your body very
small yes and like that's worth it sort
of yeah right so I want you to just
focus on those two sensations I want you
to find the love in the positivity that
you feel towards other people and then I
want you to at the same time notice that
feeling of not being
in the picture
man that's such a good summary for our
entire conversation and because milena I
think that's beautifully put because I
think when you put other people first
you remove yourself in the picture from
the picture and I think the whole thing
is that for you to truly be peaceful I
think you have to be a part of that
picture that's what you did with your
mom right you set your own feelings
aside you let the whole picture the
whole picture is dominated by her and
notice whenever you I want you to think
back to like when she was struggling and
you were able to help her how good you
felt about yourself how good you felt
about her and then also try to catch
that little part of your sacrifice what
you gave up in order to do that you gave
something up from you and find that
little thing can you find it where is it
hmm it's like in the back I don't know
like it's like I don't know
it's kind it's hard to describe it it
feels like it like pulls me back a
little bit yeah it does pull you back
right because it helps it keeps you from
being this perfect person it's perfect
giver and how do you feel about that
part of you
something I realize that I do whenever I
look at a picture and myself as a kid I
get really sad yeah
and that's like the same feeling I get
when they think about this yeah
does your childhood was very sad
it's gonna want you to sit with that
feeling and I think what you've got to
stop doing is trying to push it away so
I want you to understand this milena
that you have a six year old or seven
year old inside you that wants to make
the world a better place for everyone
else but no one takes care of her right
oh that wouldn't make destiny very happy
there she is again
always looking to help others but she
needs someone to take care of her too
that person has to be you so right now
these two feelings of caring for others
and neglecting yourself for removing
yourself from the picture from feeling
like you're not in the picture that's
got to change
and I want you to sit with these two
feelings and just let them be and see if
there's some way that you can let both
of them coexist so take a deep breath in
and notice that the front of your chest
and your back both change they expand
they move away from each other and then
as you breathe out they come together
breathe in they move away and breathe
out they come together breathe in
and breathe out and I'll let them
naturally come together let them sit
with each other let them mingle together
now Melina I don't know exactly how to
do this but I just asked you to try I
want you to take that part of you that
puts that loves other people
unconditionally the part of you that's
capable of love and I want you to turn
it towards yourself because all of your
love always is going out is going out is
going out and then inside is a six or
seven year old girl who gets neglected
she's the one who's giving giving giving
and give that to yourself send it from
you to you
and now for the last phase I want you to
just try to notice your whole body we've
talked about things we've felt things
their feelings their thoughts emotions
physical sensations just notice all of
those things and take a moment to
realize that you are actually none of
that that's all in your body it's all in
your mind
but that there is a part of you that is
underneath or above all of that and can
see all of these things happening and
that that place is a little bit
separated it's a little bit peaceful
and now you can kind of take a little
bit of a time out from everything that
we've done and just sit with that part
and just watch your body let it do
whatever it wants now whether it be
breathing a certain way feeling a
certain way no problem good and when
you're ready let yourself come back
to Sweden to Cove it'd to uncertainty
streaming toxicity longing for a van in
New Zealand that is your life and it's
okay because you're you and you have
that peaceful part of you you have that
loving part of you that you have the
foundation of your relationship with
destiny and you guys have been through a
lot
doing okay mm-hmm
it's very nice good I'm glad you enjoyed
it I don't really know how you can do
that every day but do it just because I
tried to teach people meditation like a
practice they can do every day I'm not
quite sure but what I would say to you
is I want you to notice that those two
sides of the coin whenever you find
yourself like struggling to make a
decision should I talk should I not talk
should I say this or I feel hurt try to
find both of those parts of yourself and
try to bring them together and I think
that'll help you it's interesting I
never heard someone tell me this tell
you what that I seem to put myself away
from link because of other people did I
want to make them happy
yep oh yeah it I don't think people
notice it no they take it for granted
yeah that's what's unfair about it so I
feel very surprised which was kind of
what I really like it really happy that
but you know you sort of told me that
yeah so I'll leave you with one last
thing I want you to do a google image
search of durga durga is d you are GA
all of the MU in a second and just take
a look at it and let me know what you
see you know if it resonates with you at
all what you think that person
represents and then yeah we can I'm just
curious
but because I I think that that's you
when I see you I see the guy inside you
and so let's see what your reaction it's
may be yeah but anyway thank you so much
for coming on Melina I really am rooting
for you and I hope everything works out
and stay safe and stuff thank you so
much and if there's some way we can
support you just let us know
mm-hmm take care of thank you okay
so let's do this real quick
so let's just do this let me show you
guys
[Music]
so this is God can we do a full image
search on the dog I guess what I can
show you guys this
so this is durga if you guys are
wondering but i think she kind of really
embodies that absolutely so this guy
who's saying there were guys like do i
have to do everything around here
absolutely we'll go back to that real
quick let me show you guys this right so
yeah man like don't you guys like don't
you guys realize that's what Molina's
doing she's doing like 15 things she's
like taking care of her and everybody
like when when when people were trying
to symbolize people like Molina they
recognize that there are some you know
women especially who were very badass
and took care of everything around them
and they realized that like two hands is
insufficient to capture the essence of
who Molina is taking care of right so
here's so this is a good one see what
this is right so she's also like
stabbing people with Spears and [ __ ]
swipe it's quite a game of thrones kinda
it's like a fantasy RPG mythology
and Tiger symbolizes our friendship the
tiger King oh yeah man oh man that's too
funny okay let's see if we can do let's
do questions so we do questions here we
go okay
got a question hello hey hey okay so if
you're very empathic how should you live
leave relationship in reference to like
the difficulty of feeling the pain they
feel and like did you say how should you
leave a relationship yeah because we
were like milena can can do it milena
can like be in that relationship and she
can hold on and stuff but some people
can't handle relationships like when
they were very empathic yeah so it's
like the pain that you feel when you
hurt someone uh-huh is kind of like it
doesn't help when you want to break up
with them ah excellent question okay so
there are two kind of answers the first
is that if you are an empathic person
there is a general way that you should
learn how to manage your emotions and
then the breaking up is like a
particular instance of that so there's
like a general principle and this is a
practical application does that make
sense yeah okay so first of all the
general principle is that you have to
think about yourself like a sponge so
the thing about a sponges you absorb
things from other people and the goal of
a sponge is not necessarily to stop
absorbing it's to be able to wring the
sponge out so if you want to break up
with someone what you really need to do
is have a place where you can wring
those emotions out because if you try to
if the emotions are too much for you to
bear then you won't be able to break up
with them right that's the basic problem
yeah yeah I mean by place huh what do
you mean by a place to wring them out
yeah great question so that can be
anything from Fran
or other kinds of emotional support to
like physical practices like meditation
or yoga to seeing a therapist you just
need some way to let the emotion inside
you out because what's gonna happen is
as you fill up with their hurt your
desire to comfort them is gonna take
over because they're hurting and it's
gonna not let you break up with them
yeah that's what happens exactly so what
you need to do is take that hurt on and
instead of responding to it on your own
you need to like wring it out with
someone else
so that can be like talking to a friend
and just sort of talking to them about
like hey like I'm really afraid that I'm
hurting this person and I really want to
help them and and I don't want to break
up with them but like I feel like I have
to but I don't want to hurt them you
need some place to process those
emotions outside of giving in to the
relationship okay yeah so so that can be
I mean as bizarre as it sounds it like
that doesn't have to just be one thing
so I think a little bit about like you
know strengthening yourself in terms of
like do you do yoga
yeah yoga helped a lot absolutely right
so you say helped like it's in the past
tense so I when I started the the
webinar it really like helped a lot then
now it's just like helping good yeah so
so I would say like if you can like try
to even go to a yoga class because I
think doing an hour of yoga three times
a week
oh you can't go to yoga class that's
going never mind that doesn't help yeah
but I would say that you know doing a
formal yoga practice can help a lot and
then think a little bit about a couple
of I mean do you have social supports
you can lean on I have I have family I
guess I have people I can talk to but my
my issue then becomes like okay but then
I actually like I can leave my emotions
let's say with them and I can talk to
them about the hurt that I may feel but
you know the hurts still gonna
there it's just gonna be like less
absolutely and that's the beautiful part
so that I think the next thing is is to
recognize that this is gonna be painful
right and you have to develop and this
is why I like yoga and meditation is
important that you have to develop the
capacity within yourself to tolerate
some of that pain until you bring the
sponge out wring the sponge out so
you're gonna absorb a bunch of water
you're gonna have to hold it in your
sponge for a while and then you're gonna
wring it out over there and then you're
gonna come back and you're gonna mop up
more and then you're gonna go over there
and you're gonna wring it out and you're
gonna come back and you're gonna mop up
more and as you start to understand this
about yourself it'll actually become
easier because the problem is that when
you're a sponge and you don't have a
place to wring out you look at this
puddle of water and you're like I can't
take care of all this water so the
process of breaking up with this person
is gonna hurt them so much it's too much
heart for them to handle it's too much
hurt for you to handle so you don't
actually break up with them right yeah
so what you've got to do is recognize
that like you can manage that amount of
water if you can wring yourself out a
couple of times and while you're
carrying that sponge from the puddle to
where you're gonna wring it out in the
bucket or the sink it's gonna be painful
but the last thing that I would do is
consider telling your social supports
that hey I'm gonna try to break up with
so-and-so and I'm gonna need to lean on
you for a couple of weeks can we set
aside some time to like talk like every
other day or something like that and set
up like a formal structure to it and
then go through the process a structure
so like a schedule with like the friend
or whatever yeah so like you decide how
formal it is but just first of all
signal to them that you want to do this
and see if you can get them to like
understand that you are expecting
something from them over a couple of
weeks okay right like you don't want to
like start day 8 and they're like they
stop taking your calls because they
don't have the emotional bandwidth and
then you're kind of [ __ ] because
you're halfway through the process and
then some ways taking your bucket away
okay okay okay yeah I'm good with that
okay awesome okay good luck fantastic
question
[Music]
take care
ready hi hey how you doing - good
alright so my question is how do you
transition to being more selfish instead
of instead of putting putting people you
love and care like first without
neglecting them afterward well let me
think about that so first of all there
are a couple of different things in that
question so how do you get to be more
selfish without neglecting them so you
have to so this see that question is the
problem because you think that putting
yourself first is neglecting them do you
see that like you're tying neglecting
them with being selfish together that in
and of itself is the problem because
just because you're being selfish
doesn't mean that you're gonna be
neglecting them right if we think about
supporting another human being there's a
spectrum there's like 100 percent
supporting them and 0% of supporting
them let's say like less than 10 percent
support is neglectful but like there's a
big middle range there where you can
start to take care of yourself and
prioritize yourself without being
neglectful does that make sense sure I
follow
right so why do you think that being
selfish is gonna neglect other people
well it's a that sense that like people
rely on you you know it is like mental
support or like any kind of support or
like just being out there and like if
it's people you know for a long time now
you like have a change to be more about
yourself and like less like you more
focus on the own circle
because that makes yeah so I think you
can do that right so like you start to
focus on yourself and then you recognize
I think it's useful to have
conversations with people so like if you
think about who are the people that are
relying on you right now just start by
like picking two or three of them and
then like having conversations with them
and say like hey I'm going through some
stuff right now I really want to be able
to support you but I may not be quite as
available as I used to be could you have
a conversation like that sure but I
think like you get that like go through
like some sort of like realization what
do you want to achieve before you do
that but that's just me well there is
your problem so I don't think you know
you don't have to go through any
realization of what you need to achieve
before you start setting boundaries with
people who are emotionally dependent on
you you don't need to do that like I
understand that you're feeling you need
to do that but like do you see how
that's the part like how much you
support less so I think dude I think the
problem is that you spend so much of
your time supporting other people that
you never give yourself the time or
space to figure out what you want to
achieve you've got it backwards
what do you think about that yeah like
the whole meditation thing really like
resonated what you did with their Molina
so yeah I can't agree with that yeah so
the first yeah go ahead sorry I'm done
yeah yeah I mean so the first thing is
that you got it like like set aside some
time for yourself
even if you don't even if it's a waste
of time right because you probably feel
guilty if you're like okay why am I not
emotionally supporting this person if I
am like not working towards anything do
you have those kinds of thoughts oh yeah
sure yeah
so you got to let yourself think that
because you you know what you're working
towards is figuring out what you're
working towards and you can't do that if
you're consumed by helping other people
right like here's the problem you play
RPGs sure okay so like the problem here
is that you help you spend all of your
mana
like healing other people and then when
it comes to like self development your
own right so it starts by like reserving
some of your mana pool for yourself and
then letting people know that like hey I
can't answer my phone every time you
call I'm working on a couple of things
and all I call you back it like within
an hour - or shoot me a text if you need
to talk like right now right now I'm I
guess I never thought about those things
cuz when you like so far deep in you you
know you don't like really raise the
question absolutely you are a hundred
percent correct the deeper in you are
the harder it is to see right so this is
where you got us take a step back and
try to set some set some boundaries
which are gonna feel awkward but have a
conversation about it and be like hey I
want to continue to support you but I'm
working on a couple of things is it okay
if we like like I'm a big fan of
scheduling because scheduling lets
people know that they're a priority like
when I come to someone and I say that I
am taking time out of my day to be
available for you it's hard for people
to feel like you don't care about them
and more importantly it's hard for you
got it yep okay other questions no
that's it okay good luck man
thank you thank you all right let's do
one more
Hey
[Music]
the person's mic isn't working so I'm
just gonna ask it for sure
[Music]
essentially is like being a sponge and
ego are they tied together because both
want to make like other people happy ego
doesn't want to make other people happy
so they can be tied together but let's
let's start by understanding this ego
doesn't want to make other half people
happy ego wants to make yourself feel
better so if we look at Malina
I think Molina's ego is actually quite
active so she doesn't come across as
egotistical but I think her ego is quite
strong and we see her ego because she
doesn't view herself as a selfish person
right so like her ego is about being
this like sulphate selfless loving
caring want to make the world a better
place and it's not that she's that's
false it's just the ego kind of takes
one part A one real part of us and then
like uses that to like shut down
everything else so if we think about you
know let's say like a league of Legends
or dota player who feels really really
like they're good at those games and so
their identity revolves around that like
people who are doctors have their
identity revolve around the doctor so
our ego tends to build on the things
about us that are true and positive and
in doing so it like shoves away a lot of
negative and darker stuff that then
becomes hard to work on so the sponge
and the ego can become related because
you can start to develop an ego around
being a sponge oh look at how helpful I
am look at how wonderful I am look at
how much I want the world to be a good
place all of these other people are
selfish but I am selfless I'm a good
person
and I want everyone to be happy and I'm
willing to sacrifice myself to other
people and then when you try to tell
that person oh maybe you should try
being a
little bit more selfish their ego rebels
against that because if they derive
their value from being a selfless person
and you threaten to take that away then
who are they they're no one does that
make sense yeah you said they answered
the question and he also says that he
loves you okay well I love him too but
not in a polyamorous open relationship
kind of way all right thanks a lot no
problem okay